# BMC Code Resources.

This repo is about having code-related resources packaged into a `maven-plugin` and available to `download directly` too.

The `maven-plugin` generated by this repository is integrated into the core of the BMC-Anvil project parent pom.

# What

You can find here a list of common resources that are the basics of any project, but not the project interest itself.

By the above I mean that a project's interest may be to provide a certain functionality but not to set itself up or to add .gitignore files and architecture
design scaffolding or linters.

Every project needs to be set up, though.

A few of these resources are common and are meant to be a starting point in other projects, while others are fixed and will override any change made
elsewhere.

## Resources

### To be included and packaged:

| Name                | type    | Description                                    | Propagation/Notes                             |
|---------------------|---------|------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| .github             | folder  | basic GitHub actions workflow                  | may or may not overwrite destination          |
| .mvn                | folder  | maven wrapper downloader and config files      | overwrites destination                        |
| ---------------     | ------  | ------------------------------------------     | --------------------------------------------- |
| .gitignore          | file    | git-ignore rules                               | overwrites destination                        |
| .editorconfig       | file    | formatting rules with IntelliJ IDEA rules      | overwrites destination                        |
| .dockerignore       | file    | docker-ignore rules                            | may or may not overwrite destination          |
| checkstyle.xml      | file    | checkstyle file                                | overwrites destination                        |
| LICENSE             | file    | Common license file                            | can be overridden by individual repositories  |
| mvnw                | file    | Maven wrapper executable script file           | overwrites destination                        |
| ---------------     | ------  | ------------------------------------------     | --------------------------------------------- |
| Architecture Models | folders | architecture model templates and documentation | customizable selection and propagation        |

### Not to be included:

Anything not included in the above list is of no interest or are files / folders kept for historical / configuration or bookkeeping reasons, i.e.,
[bare_metal_code_style_intellij.xml](bmc_assets/bare_metal_code_style_intellij.xml)

`bare_metal_code_style_intellij.xml` are my intellij code-style settings, kept here for easy recovery, sharing if anyone is interested and for some additional
configuration that `.editorConfig` does not support.

# Why

It is the interest of this project and repository to house common resource files, so we have coherence / consistency across the board.

This allows minimizing the manual configuration of every new project.

The maven-plugin incorporated at the top parent pom allows consistent repeatable projects with almost zero effort.

# How

The idea behind this group of files and folders is to package them in a maven-plugin that will be part of the core pom.xml.

I thought about using maven scm plugin or other techniques to download dependencies and files without having to package all in a jar.
<br> Though it worked ok, it requires constant connectivity for things that may not change often.
<br> I also packaged a few things in its own jar and use dependency management to fetch it. It's fine, a maven plugin ended up ending more flexible.

Having this packaged in a jar means that once you download it once, it will remain in the local .m2 repository without requiring connectivity at all.

Selected files and folders will be packaged in a jar file for later use by other projects as any other dependency.รง
